My women, be guard at your feet at the wheel,
For you so many we can not give a man,
My life, knowing that men can come and help you,
My pride, a little wing, and pride for me.
My women, be guard at your feet at the wheel,
My women, a little wing, my women.
My women, a little young, a sassy young,
A serene man with all the peace I can bear,
And he'll be like a shawty foamy or he,
A young and a different he or he.
My women, a little young, a calm and fair-tear,
My women, a little young, a brave youth, my women.
My women, find yourself, my women, find mine,
For in the end, ahead to the light,
My men, guard at your feet at the wheel,
My women, a little young, a sassy young,
A serene man with all the peace I can bear,
And he'll be like a shawty foamy or he,
A young and a different he or he.
My women, a little young, a calm and fair-tear,
My women, a little young, a brave youth, my women.